feat(createMenuButton): Add trigger prop on createMenuButton composable (#2318)
SchwarzIT/onyx: .changeset/tricky-adults-run.md

---
"@sit-onyx/headless": minor
---

> feat(createMenuButton): Added new expandOnclick prop that enables the flyout to be expanded on click, not on hover. The default behavior is on hover

Reviewer: ```suggestion
feat(createMenuButton): add new `trigger` property that enables the flyout to be expanded on click, not on hover. The default behavior is on hover
```
